c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.dll.config
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.pdb
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\bin\Release\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\obj\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\obj\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.dll
c:\users\inpal\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppInsightsMVCFilters\AppInsightsMVCFilters\obj\Release\AppInsightsMVCFilters.pdb
